readme.md, before:

This repository contains my (and not only my) solutions for tasks from <a href="https://codewars.com">Codewars</a> (they name tasks as katas), <a href=https://leetcode.com>LeetCode</a> (they name tasks as problems), (a little from) <a href="http://www.pythonchallenge.com">Python Challenge</a> (they name tasks as riddles).



<h2>Content of files</h2>

<h3>Codewars, Python 3</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb</a> (the file is archived):</h4>

    sorry, table of contents is not ready yet

<h4>2. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p2.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p2.ipynb</a> (the file is archived):</h4>

    ...a few katas should be here too...
    [ Code Golf ] Remove duplicated nodes, 6 kyu.
	Find the first non-consecutive number, 8 kyu.
	Split Strings, 6 kyu.
	Stop gninnipS My sdroW!, 6 kyu.
	Count by X, 8 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Uniq or not Uniq, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Incomplete string, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : True or False, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing: A and B?, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing: Something capitalized, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Math of Primary School, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Math of Middle school, 7 kyu, not finished.
	String incrementer, 5 kyu.
	Human Readable Time, 5 kyu.
	Merged String Checker, 5 kyu.
	Two Sum, 6 kyu.
	Sort array by string length, 7 kyu.
	Invert values, 8 kyu.
	Make a function that does arithmetic!, 7 kyu.
	DNA to RNA Conversion, 7 kyu.
	Two Oldest Ages, 7 kyu.

<h4>3. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p3.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p3.ipynb</a> (the file is archived):</h4>

    Consecutive Differences, 7 kyu.
	Calculate Parity bit!, 7 kyu.
	Maximum Multiple, 7 kyu.
	JavaScript Array Filter, 7 kyu.
	Float Precision, 7 kyu.
	Retrieve array value by index with default, 7 kyu.
	Largest 5 digit number in a series, 7 kyu.
	Refactored Greeting, 7 kyu.
	Sort Numbers, 7 kyu.
	Ninja vs Samurai: Strike, 7 kyu.
	Person Class Bug, 7 kyu.
	Populate hash with array keys and default value, 7 kyu.
	Building Strings From a Hash, 7 kyu.
	Substituting Variables Into Strings: Padded Numbers, 7 kyu.
	Elapsed Seconds, 7 kyu.
	Fizz / Buzz, 7 kyu.
	Return substring instance count, 7 kyu.
	Remove anchor from URL, 7 kyu.
	No oddities here, 7 kyu.
	Limit string length - 1, 7 kyu.
	Flatten, 7 kyu.
	Reverse words, 7 kyu.
	Javascript filter - 1, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Sport Star, 7 kyu.
	Triangular Treasure, 7 kyu.
	Palindrome chain length, 7 kyu.
	Return a sorted list of objects, 7 kyu.
	Factorial Factory, 7 kyu.
	Basic Calculator, 7 kyu.
	The reject() function, 7 kyu.
	Leap Years, 7 kyu.
	Return the Missing Element, 7 kyu.
	Anagram Detection, 7 kyu.
	Naughty or Nice?, 7 kyu.
	Sort Santa's Reindeer, 7 kyu.
	Milk and Cookies for Santa, 7 kyu.
	Boiled Eggs, 7 kyu.
	IP Validation, 6 kyu.
	Strip Url Params, 6 kyu.
	Format words into a sentence, 6 kyu.
	Pyramid Array, 6 kyu.
	Make the Deadfish swim, 6 kyu.
	Find within array, 6 kyu
	Sort Arrays (Ignoring Case), 6 kyu.
	RGB To Hex Conversion, 5 kyu.
	Round by 0.5 steps, 6 kyu.
	flatten(), 5 kyu.
	Extract the domain name from a URL, 5 kyu.
	Title Case, 6 kyu.
	Multiply characters, 7 kyu.
	Simple elevator, 7 kyu.
	Summing a number's digits, 7 kyu.
	Duplicate Arguments, 6 kyu.
	uniq (UNIX style), 6 kyu.
	N-th Fibonacci, 6 kyu.
	Adjacent repeated words in a string, 6 kyu.
	Sequences and Series, 6 kyu.
	Arabian String, 6 kyu.
	Throwing Darts, 6 kyu.
	Valid Phone Number, 6 kyu.
	Is a number prime?, 6 kyu.
	Matrix Addition, 6 kyu.
	Pete, the baker, 5 kyu.
	Pete, the baker (part 2), 6 kyu.
	Coordinates Validator, 6 kyu.
	Base Conversion, 6 kyu.
	PaginationHelper, 5 kyu.
	Beeramid, 5 kyu.
	Mean Square Error, 5 kyu.

<h4>4. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p4.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p4.ipynb</a> (current file):</h4>

	Ninja vs Samurai: Attack + Block, 5 kyu.
	Sort arrays - 3, 5 kyu.
	Lazy Repeater, 5 kyu.
	ISBN-10 Validation, 5 kyu.
	Return substring instance count - 2, 5 kyu.
	Interleaving Arrays, 5 kyu.

<h3>Codewars, JS</h3>

<h3>LeetCode, Python 3</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="LeetCode_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb">LeetCode_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb</a>:</h4>

	4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays, hard.
	2. Add Two Numbers, medium.
	3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters, medium.
	5. Longest Palindromic Substring, medium.
	6. ZigZag Conversion, medium.
	1. Two Sum, easy.
	11. Container With Most Water, medium, not finished.
	15. 3Sum, medium.
	7. Reverse Integer, easy.
	14. Longest Common Prefix, easy.
	20. Valid Parentheses, easy.
	26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array, easy.
	27. Remove Element, easy.
	28. Implement strStr(), easy.
	22. Generate Parentheses, medium.
	24. Swap Nodes in Pairs, medium.
	35. Search Insert Position, easy.
	33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array, medium.
	38. Count and Say, medium.

<h3>LeetCode, JS</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="LeetCode_solutions_JS.js">LeetCode_solutions_JS.js</a>:</h4>

	4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays, hard.
	3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters, medium.
	5. Longest Palindromic Substring, medium
	6. ZigZag Conversion, medium
	1. Two Sum, easy.
	15. 3Sum, medium.
	7. Reverse Integer, easy.
	14. Longest Common Prefix, easy.
	20. Valid Parentheses, easy.
	26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array, easy.
	27. Remove Element, easy.
	28. Implement strStr(), easy.
	2. Add Two Numbers, medium.
	24. Swap Nodes in Pairs, medium.
	35. Search Insert Position, easy.
	33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array, medium.
	38. Count and Say, medium.
	29. Divide Two Integers, medium.

<h3>Python Challenge, Python 3</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="pythonchallenge_solutions/Pythonchallenge_solutions_Python3.ipynb">Pythonchallenge_solutions_Python3.ipynb</a> (only 2 levels done) </h4>

Commit message:

20210406
34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array (JS), medium.

readme.md, after:

This repository contains my (and not only my) solutions for tasks from <a href="https://codewars.com">Codewars</a> (they name tasks as katas), <a href=https://leetcode.com>LeetCode</a> (they name tasks as problems), (a little from) <a href="http://www.pythonchallenge.com">Python Challenge</a> (they name tasks as riddles).



<h2>Content of files</h2>

<h3>Codewars, Python 3</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb</a> (the file is archived):</h4>

    sorry, table of contents is not ready yet

<h4>2. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p2.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p2.ipynb</a> (the file is archived):</h4>

    ...a few katas should be here too...
    [ Code Golf ] Remove duplicated nodes, 6 kyu.
	Find the first non-consecutive number, 8 kyu.
	Split Strings, 6 kyu.
	Stop gninnipS My sdroW!, 6 kyu.
	Count by X, 8 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Uniq or not Uniq, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Incomplete string, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : True or False, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing: A and B?, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing: Something capitalized, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Math of Primary School, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Math of Middle school, 7 kyu, not finished.
	String incrementer, 5 kyu.
	Human Readable Time, 5 kyu.
	Merged String Checker, 5 kyu.
	Two Sum, 6 kyu.
	Sort array by string length, 7 kyu.
	Invert values, 8 kyu.
	Make a function that does arithmetic!, 7 kyu.
	DNA to RNA Conversion, 7 kyu.
	Two Oldest Ages, 7 kyu.

<h4>3. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p3.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p3.ipynb</a> (the file is archived):</h4>

    Consecutive Differences, 7 kyu.
	Calculate Parity bit!, 7 kyu.
	Maximum Multiple, 7 kyu.
	JavaScript Array Filter, 7 kyu.
	Float Precision, 7 kyu.
	Retrieve array value by index with default, 7 kyu.
	Largest 5 digit number in a series, 7 kyu.
	Refactored Greeting, 7 kyu.
	Sort Numbers, 7 kyu.
	Ninja vs Samurai: Strike, 7 kyu.
	Person Class Bug, 7 kyu.
	Populate hash with array keys and default value, 7 kyu.
	Building Strings From a Hash, 7 kyu.
	Substituting Variables Into Strings: Padded Numbers, 7 kyu.
	Elapsed Seconds, 7 kyu.
	Fizz / Buzz, 7 kyu.
	Return substring instance count, 7 kyu.
	Remove anchor from URL, 7 kyu.
	No oddities here, 7 kyu.
	Limit string length - 1, 7 kyu.
	Flatten, 7 kyu.
	Reverse words, 7 kyu.
	Javascript filter - 1, 7 kyu.
	Thinking & Testing : Sport Star, 7 kyu.
	Triangular Treasure, 7 kyu.
	Palindrome chain length, 7 kyu.
	Return a sorted list of objects, 7 kyu.
	Factorial Factory, 7 kyu.
	Basic Calculator, 7 kyu.
	The reject() function, 7 kyu.
	Leap Years, 7 kyu.
	Return the Missing Element, 7 kyu.
	Anagram Detection, 7 kyu.
	Naughty or Nice?, 7 kyu.
	Sort Santa's Reindeer, 7 kyu.
	Milk and Cookies for Santa, 7 kyu.
	Boiled Eggs, 7 kyu.
	IP Validation, 6 kyu.
	Strip Url Params, 6 kyu.
	Format words into a sentence, 6 kyu.
	Pyramid Array, 6 kyu.
	Make the Deadfish swim, 6 kyu.
	Find within array, 6 kyu
	Sort Arrays (Ignoring Case), 6 kyu.
	RGB To Hex Conversion, 5 kyu.
	Round by 0.5 steps, 6 kyu.
	flatten(), 5 kyu.
	Extract the domain name from a URL, 5 kyu.
	Title Case, 6 kyu.
	Multiply characters, 7 kyu.
	Simple elevator, 7 kyu.
	Summing a number's digits, 7 kyu.
	Duplicate Arguments, 6 kyu.
	uniq (UNIX style), 6 kyu.
	N-th Fibonacci, 6 kyu.
	Adjacent repeated words in a string, 6 kyu.
	Sequences and Series, 6 kyu.
	Arabian String, 6 kyu.
	Throwing Darts, 6 kyu.
	Valid Phone Number, 6 kyu.
	Is a number prime?, 6 kyu.
	Matrix Addition, 6 kyu.
	Pete, the baker, 5 kyu.
	Pete, the baker (part 2), 6 kyu.
	Coordinates Validator, 6 kyu.
	Base Conversion, 6 kyu.
	PaginationHelper, 5 kyu.
	Beeramid, 5 kyu.
	Mean Square Error, 5 kyu.

<h4>4. <a href="Codewars_solutions_Python3_p4.ipynb">Codewars_solutions_Python3_p4.ipynb</a> (current file):</h4>

	Ninja vs Samurai: Attack + Block, 5 kyu.
	Sort arrays - 3, 5 kyu.
	Lazy Repeater, 5 kyu.
	ISBN-10 Validation, 5 kyu.
	Return substring instance count - 2, 5 kyu.
	Interleaving Arrays, 5 kyu.

<h3>Codewars, JS</h3>

<h3>LeetCode, Python 3</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="LeetCode_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb">LeetCode_solutions_Python3_p1.ipynb</a>:</h4>

	4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays, hard.
	2. Add Two Numbers, medium.
	3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters, medium.
	5. Longest Palindromic Substring, medium.
	6. ZigZag Conversion, medium.
	1. Two Sum, easy.
	11. Container With Most Water, medium, not finished.
	15. 3Sum, medium.
	7. Reverse Integer, easy.
	14. Longest Common Prefix, easy.
	20. Valid Parentheses, easy.
	26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array, easy.
	27. Remove Element, easy.
	28. Implement strStr(), easy.
	22. Generate Parentheses, medium.
	24. Swap Nodes in Pairs, medium.
	35. Search Insert Position, easy.
	33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array, medium.
	38. Count and Say, medium.

<h3>LeetCode, JS</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="LeetCode_solutions_JS.js">LeetCode_solutions_JS.js</a>:</h4>

	4. Median of Two Sorted Arrays, hard.
	3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters, medium.
	5. Longest Palindromic Substring, medium
	6. ZigZag Conversion, medium
	1. Two Sum, easy.
	15. 3Sum, medium.
	7. Reverse Integer, easy.
	14. Longest Common Prefix, easy.
	20. Valid Parentheses, easy.
	26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array, easy.
	27. Remove Element, easy.
	28. Implement strStr(), easy.
	2. Add Two Numbers, medium.
	24. Swap Nodes in Pairs, medium.
	35. Search Insert Position, easy.
	33. Search in Rotated Sorted Array, medium.
	38. Count and Say, medium.
	29. Divide Two Integers, medium.
	34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array, medium.

<h3>Python Challenge, Python 3</h3>

<h4>1. <a href="pythonchallenge_solutions/Pythonchallenge_solutions_Python3.ipynb">Pythonchallenge_solutions_Python3.ipynb</a> (only 2 levels done) </h4>
